[Kotomi] Tomoya...
Tomoya...
Tomoya!
[Kotomi playing
the violin terribly]
[Kotomi] Simply divine...
[Tomoya] Gah...
K-K-Kotomi, it's you.
Well hello, Tomoya-kun.
How are you today?
[Tomoya] Not good!
But what is it?
W-What's the matter?
Look, I was minding my own
business having a nice snooze...
And that's exactly why I played
a lullaby for you, Tomoya.
The shock almost destroyed me!
Okazaki, who is she?!
Hello, how do you do?
I'm Kotomi Ichinose of 3-A.
I love to read, books I mean.
And her deadly weapon
is the violin.
Takes aim and fires in 0.2
seconds, she's a very
quick draw.
There have been countless
victims to date.
[Kotomi playing
the violin terribly]
[students screaming]
How strange, I don't recall
taking anyone down with
my violin.
Not before this.
[Boy 2] M..My eardrums...
[Tomoya] We have a victim
right here!
Hey! Kotomi, what do you
think you're doing?!
Oh no, Kotomi!
So that was you playing
after all? Oh no!
Kyou, Ryou, Nagisa...
Hello to you all.
It's so good to see you.
No, no not hello!
How about, bonjour?
No!
Boooon-jouuur?
[Kyou growls in frustration]
[Kyou] I can't communicate
with her!
[Nagisa] No, please calm
down, Kyou.
Yeah! We don't want to see HER
getting riled up, you know.
I know that, Mr. Obvious!
[Kyou] What are you doing here?
I'm just playing the
violin, Kyou.
Wait a minute, isn't that the
same violin that's from the
music room?
Well yes it is, but they
let me borrow it.
They said that since I liked
playing with it so much,
I could use it for
a little while.
Remind me to thank
them for that.
[Kotomi] Let me play one more...
[Everyone] No thank you!
[Kyou & Kotomi hit the ground]
[Tomoya] Hello!
Well what a pleasent
surprise for me.
It looks like Tomoya!
So that wasn't funny?
Not a little bit?
[Tomoya] Well, not even if you
said it sadly with your eyes
avoiding me.
[Kyou] You see? Your timing
is bad and your gag lines
make no impact whatsoever.
It's disastrous for a performer.
[Kotomi] Oh...
[Kyou] So, if you understand,
[Kyou] go practice
in the corner.
[Tomoya] What exactly were you
guys talking about over there?
[Kotomi] Why is that?
[Kyou] Shh! I have to keep
her occupied
[Kotomi] Why is that?
[Kyou] before she starts playing
the violin again.
[Kotomi] Why is that?
Well hello there!
What a pleasent surprise,
it's you, Ryou!
Oh my goodness gracious,
you're all here!
And look, Nagisa's here
to see me too!
[Kyou] You see? Your timing's
bad, so you don't finish
quickly enough.
[Tomoya] How about you just try
it one more time.
[Kotomi] All right.
And look, Nagisa's here
to see me too!
Well as I live and breathe,
you're here too, Kotomi!
How was that? Was that
any better, Kyou?
Yes. And let's leave
it at that, shall we?
[Kotomi] So many unusual things.
This is the first time I've ever
even opened this box.
[Ryou] So tell me, have you
gotten new members for
the Drama Club?
[Nagisa] Not yet, but I hope to
have more members by the
school festival.
But what is this thing?
Do you know what it could be?
It looks like a magic
wand to me.
It's a magic wand? Really.
If you wave it around and chant
a spell, stars shower over you
and you can transform youself
into anything you can thing of.
Oh.
Teibi magunumu inominandoumu...
Shiguna suterunamu...
Nigurarumu e...
Efwani forumisu...
Sadokue shijirumu!
[Ryou] It doesn't look
like anything's happening.
[Kotomi] Maybe I didn't
pronounce every word in
the spell like I should have.
But you're amazing, Kotomi!
The way you said that
complicated spell.
Oh I wish I could say my lines
smoothly like you.
They've become such good
friends, haven't they?
Why are you sitting here
with me? Go join them.
You want me to wave a magic
wand and say some mumbo-
jumbo incantation?
Can you really picture
me doing that?
Well...
Switch!
Hirariku hirariku gyo gyo gyo
gyo gyo!
I love fish!
[laughing]
[Kyou] How about I punch you
til you cry?
[Tomoya] I'm sorry.
[Kotomi playing the
violin terribly]
[Kyou screams]
What do you think
you're doing?!
We mentioned that she was better
at playing the violin
than casting difficult
magical spells.
Play it somewhere else, will ya?
If the Drama Club gets
a bad reputation,
it'll be bad for the leader.
[Nagisa] Oh, don't you worry
about me.
But I want, want lots and lots
of people to hear me play the
violin all day long.
[Nagisa] No you really don't.
You used to prefer being
cooped up in the school library,
I guess you're saying things
have changed for you now and
you like getting out more.
I'm going to have to play a
whole lot, because very soon
I just know that I'll have
return this violin to the
music room.
So I want to play as many
wonderful selections
while I can.
Sis, I think you and I should
do something for her.
Let me see...
I think I got it!
[Kyou] The day after tomorrow,
on Monday,
you're making your debut
playing the violin.
[Kotomi] My violin debut?
[Kyou] I'll gather lots
of people
to make sure your debut
is packed.
Until then, playing the
violin in here is taboo!
My own violin debut?
Okay! I promise I'll practice
really hard.
[Nagisa] Would you mind
if I joined you?
[Ryou] Me too!
Okay, then I'll co- Aah!
He and I need to discuss the
details of the concert.
Then, we'll just go by
ourselves, you stay here.
Sounds like a plan. See you both
later. Goodbye.
[Tomoya] What could you
and I possibly have to discuss?
Discuss a strategy to break you
away from Kotomi.
She's always sticking to you
like Elmer's Glue.
It's better for her to associate
with other people.
Yeah, you're probably right.
I guess.
Okay. So anyway...
It looks like you and I are
all alone now.
So what do you want to do?
[Tomoya] I'm tired, I'm going
to take a nap.
That is so rude!
You could be nicer.
[Tomoya] Don't attack me while
I'm sleeping.
[Kotomi playing
the violin terribly]
[Tomoya] I wonder if they'll be
okay by themselves?
You have to realize that you
spoil her too much.
Ryou and Nagisa are keeping her
company, don't worry.
It's because those two are
together that I'm worried.
[Kyou] Say, you're not seeing
anyone are you?
If there's a girl somewhere who
absolutely adores you,
would you think about dating
her? Maybe going out?
[Tomoya] What's with you
all of a sudden?
[Kyou] Just answer!
[Tomoya] Even if we do date,
I'm a good-for-nothing
delinquent.
She'll get over me in no time,
I promise you that.
[Kyou] There's a certain appeal
about delinquents,
especially to honor students.
Are you saying that Sunohara
appeals to honor students too?
[laughs] Your little friend?
Not on your life.
[Kyou] It was good
talking to you.
See you tomorrow, Tomoya.
Nagisa probably isn't up yet.
Even Sunohara wouldn't...
[Kotomi playing
the violin terribly]
No! That's impossible!
[Kotomi playing
the violin terribly]
[Tomoya] Kotomi!
[Kotomi] Oh, hello, Tomoya.
How are you?
[Tomoya] I'm fine, but it's
Sunday, Kotomi. Why are
you here?
Are you a ghost or something
that haunts this school?
Haunt? Are you saying
I'm bewitching?
[Tomoya] Don't say another word.
So are you a bully,
like all the others?
No, it's just that line was so
tacky I had to stop you.
Don't you understand?
Tomoya first you accused
me of being a kind of ghost,
so I then segued into a retort
that cued off your word
haunting.
Then I simply took the joke to
the next intellectual level by
using the word bewitching.
Don't you understand me?
[Tomoya] I got it! It wasn't
that advanced a retort.
Isn't it at least intermediate?
To put it very bluntly, your
reply was REALLY low level
in every aspect!
You really are a bully,
aren't you?
[Tomoya] An honorary
library monitor?
[Kotomi] I would borrow the key
every day,
so the librarian gave me a key,
and made me an honorary
library monitor.
I was so happy when
she did that.
[Tomoya] So, that's why you're
in the library on a Sunday.
[Kotomi] I usually read, but I'm
practicing the violin today.
I was told the drama room
is taboo, so I came here.
I thought it was the next
best place.
What is that?
Your bento lunch box?
To be honest with you,
I had a little inkling that you
might come and join me for lunch
instead of going to the cafe.
So I have enough for two.
Yeah, but what if I didn't come
here after all?
I didn't think about that. It
doesn't matter, you came.
It's an apple pie.
I made for the first time,
so I don't know if it tastes as
good as Mom use to make.
[Tomoya] Now that's the
real McCoy.
[Kotomi] I used Jonathan apples
and brushed the top with a glaze
made with apricot jam and rum.
And for the first time, I used
loose tea leaves to make tea.
I hope you like Oolong.
Let's have some.
[Tomoya] Yeah let's.
Oh wow! Did you really make this
for the first time?
[Kotomi] Umm, does it taste bad?
[Tomoya] No, in fact, it's
amazingly good!
I can't believe you made it for
the first time!
I'd never get tired
of eating this!
Hey, what's the matter?
I tap you and you stop shaking.
You're just like an
electrical appliance.
[Kotomi] Um, is it really good?
Really, truly?
[Tomoya] Yes! It was
really good.
I'm so happy.
Just so pleased.
I was really nervous about it.
[Kotomi] Tomoya...
Huh?
Day before yesterday,
I saw a rabbit.
Yesterday, it was a deer.
And today, it's you.
[Tomoya] Kotomi?
[Tomoya] You're going to
continue practicing?
[Kotomi] I'm so full,
I'm going to rest.
[Kotomi] Tomoya...
I don't know how
to ask this but...
if you want to,
maybe you and I...
Huh?
Maybe we...
Maybe the two of us could
read together.
Is that all?
[Tomoya] Listen, I gotta be
honest with you,
it's not fun reading
books together.
[Kotomi] Really?
[Tomoya] Yeah really. I know!
You can read to me.
[Kotomi] Me?
[Tomota] I like to watch
you read,
and I really like the sound
of your voice.
But forget those difficult
science books.
Read a novel or something.
[Kotomi] Okay!
[Kotomi] In order for me to
get into a prestigious
comedy school,
I've been practicing
my violin.
[Tomoya] No, somehow I really
don't think that plan will work.
[Kotomi] It's a discussion
of violins.
[Kotomi] If the Dango
flower blooms...
[Little Kotomis] Why? Why? Why?
[Kotomi] I would be so
happy![echoing] If the Dango
flower blooms...
[Little Kotomis] Why? Why? Why?
[Tomoya] Dango family?!
[Kotomi] [echoing] I would
be so happy!
[Little Kotomis] Why? Why? Why?
[Nagisa] I'm baking bread.
[Nagisa] Love will begin for
all of the Dango.
[Little Kotomis] Why? Why? Why?
[Nagisa] Will you just look
at all the Dango!
[Ryou] The cards tell me that...
Okazaki, you have
a split personality.
[Tomoya] How can you tell
something like that through
fortune-telling?!
[Ryou] Well...
That kind of reaction is typical
of schizophrenia.
[Kyou] No, little sister.
I'm afraid he is my patient.
You know, somehow I just knew
that you would be showing
up soon.
[Kyou] The aroma of baking bread
makes the mental state
of a person unhealthy.
[Tomoya] That makes no sense.
[Kyou] Oh yes it does.
And it's all due to the aroma
from baking bread.
[Kotomi] Tomoya...
Tomoya...
Hey Tomoya, you've been
moaning a lot.
[Tomoya] I was having the
weirdest dream just now.
[Kotomi] Was it a scary dream?
[Tomoya] More like mixed up and
very distrubing.
[Kotomi] Okay, Tomoya.
I'll see you tomorrow.
[Tomoya] Yeah, see you tomorrow.
[Kotomi] Um, Tomoya?
Yeah? What is it?
I'm glad that you came
to spend time with me.
I had a really nice
time with you.
I don't see how, I was sleeping
most of the time.
Maybe so, but it still made
me happy.
See you.
[Tomoya] Kotomi Ichinose
Violin Recital...
The one who wrote this...
that would be you, right?
Yes, Kyou asked me to draw
one for the concert.
I was wondering about the
relevance of the Big
Dango Family,
but I kept it in for
visual impact.
[Ryou] I'm sure we'll have
a full house.
[Nagisa] Do you really think
that this is all right?
I got scolded when I put up the
Drama Club membership poster.
Don't worry about it those
school council rule enforcers.
I'll tell them some story.
[Tomoya] Get some tips from her
chutzpah, Nagisa.
If you keep worrying about
everything around you,
you'll never revive the Drama
Club. Turst me on this one.
[Nagisa] You're probably right.
[Kyou] All right! Invite every
single person until school
lets out!
[Tomoya] Thanks for coming.
Well, you know, you did invite
me after all.
And I've never been to a violin
concert. I'm so excited.
Maybe I shouldn't say this since
I invited you,
but if I were you I would try to
stay in the back of the group
and be ready to run
out anytime.
[Boy 1] What'd you do?
[Boy 2] I skipped cleaning duty
the day before yesterday.
[Boy 3] All I did was forget my
Daily Guide print-out at home!
And this is my punishment?!
[Boy 4] She caught me taking
an early lunch
[Tomoya] Leave it to Kyou.
[Boy 4] six months ago
[Tomoya] She's using her power
as Class Representive
[Boy 4] and threatens me now!
[Tomoya] to blackmail kids
into attending.
Okazaki!
Look at this crowd!
Is something happening?
So you came here not
knowing a thing?
Kyou called me out. She said
this really pretty girl wants
to meet me.
I know, it's a hard life for
popular guys like me.
It's a burden.
I see then, I wish you all
the luck in the world.
If we become close personal
friends, I'll introduce you
to her.
See you around!
No sense in ruining it.
I'll let him enjoy his
dream a little longer.
[Tomoya] Misae, you came too?
The rugby team was kind
enough to invited me.
And I don't know. I had some
free time, I was curious too.
[Tomoyo] Excuse me a moment...
I don't mean to bother you, but
wouldn't you be Misae Sagara
who manages the boys' dorm?
You see, my name is
Tomoyo Sakagami.
I've always heard so many
things about you.
You are the legendary student
council president,
you're practically famous
all over Tokyo.
Legenday student president?
Practically famous?
[Misae] That's so exaggerated.
[Tomoya] You?
It was really nothing that
grand. Right?
I'm aspiring to be a student
council president.
I would just love it if I could
come by to talk to you sometime?
I really don't have that much to
tell you, but you're welcome to
come visit with me anytime.
[Rugby player ] Hey Misae!
[Misae] If you'll excuse me.
Hard to think Misae was a
student council president.
I'm grateful, Okazaki!
Thank you for inviting
me to this concert.
See you later.
[Sanae] Okazaki!
[Tomoya] Sanae! And you too?
I can't believe you showed up.
[Nagisa] Uh, I invited
them, Okazaki.
I had to come here since
my daughter invited me.
We're so sorry. Akio and I
weren't able to come to the
Founder's Festival,
so we- so we decided
to come to this.
You sure about this?
Kotomi's performance is kinda...
Oh don't you worry! She's become
quite proficient at playing it.
[Nagisa] Oh, look everyone,
here's Kotomi!
[Sanae] She's so cute.
[Akio] Not as cute as my
daughter though.
Hello everyone! Thank you
all so much for coming!
[Boy 4] Would you look at this?
Just look what she made me buy.
[Boy 5] Me too, it cost 300 yen.
Now this makes sense.
Kyou was making money!
Now listen! The earplugs are
a last resort.
If I see any of you using them
needlessly, you're going to
be punished!
Hey Kotomi, please thank
everyone for coming.
Huh? Okay.
My name is Kotomi Ichinose
and I'm in 3-A.
I really love reading.
It's nice to see you all.
Well done! Applaud, everyone!
Hey, you deadbeats, if you
know what's good for you
start clapping!
[audience applauds]
Well I have to say,
that's a nice introduction.
I do recall that you and I have
met them somewhere before this.
[Nagisa] That's Kyou and Ryou.
We've all become really
good friends recently.
[Akio] Bring them over someday.
We'll show them our hospitality!
[Nagisa] All right!
Here's the first number.
[rythmic clacking]
[triangle dings]
[Kotomi playing
the violin terribly]
[students screaming]
You call this proficient?!
Are you crazy?!
[Kotomi playing
the violin terribly]
[students screaming]
[Youhei] HELP!
Don't get carried away!
Cut it out!
[Kotomi playing
the violin terribly]
[students screaming]
Botan, what are you doing
here again?!
[Misae] You call this
a performance?!
[Student] [crying] Please
make it stop!
[Kotomi playing the
violin terribly]
[students screaming]
Oh my dear Akio, I can't hang
on any longer.
[Akio] Sanae! Wake up! Sanae!
SANAE!
[Ryou] It ended nicely somehow.
[Kyou] The audience was gasping
for breath though.
Still, I have to say, that I
think your final piece was
very well done.
Even my father complimented you.
And said it's been a while since
he's seen a performance with so
much impact.
I'm so glad.
I'm so happy.
Tell me again, why do we all
have to go to such enormous
lengths just for her?
There's a childlike quality
about her that you just
can't seem to ignore.
She somehow stirs your maternal
instincts and makes you just
want to take care of her
all day long.
That's so true, Sister.
If it's for Kotomi,
I would do anything
to support her in her
professional dreams.
You're such a nice person.
Isn't she supposed to be your
rival in love?
Hey what rival in love?
What are you talking about?
[Ryou] Nothing! Nothing at all!
[Kyou] Hey, what's that?
[Tomoya] Nagisa!
Okazaki!
Kotomi!
[Gentleman] I need to talk to-
[Tomoya] What's going on?!
Look here, buddy, if you need
to talk to somebody,
you can talk to me.
Oh, no I...
I guess, I'll have to leave
it for another day.
[Gentleman] I will see
you again.
So who was that guy?
He's a very bad man...
[Tomoya] What?
A very bad man...
[Kotomi] Thank you
so much, Tomoya.
If I hadn't met you, I would
never have felt this joy.
[Tomoya] You're giving me
too much credit. I didn't
do anything.
Nagisa, Kyou and Fujibayashi,
they all like you. That's all.
[Kotomi] If that's true, then
I'm really happy.
[Tomoya] Kotomi, what's wrong?
[Nagisa] Kotomi?